Much later!
Put the word, remember Mr. Qiangzi,
I don’t want to live anymore! Did I let you speak?
Captain, why don't you bring someone to see it personally?
who I am?
Ruodu Li, you are a smoke story,
You want to burn it, but you shouldn’t,
If Ruoyan doesn’t make something, don’t look at it!
Don’t look over yet! Don’t look over yet! Don’t look over yet! Don’t look over yet! Don’t look over yet!
Come! Don’t look over yet! Don’t look over yet!
Don’t look over yet! Don’t look over yet! Don’t look over yet!
Don’t look over yet! Don’t look over yet! Don’t look over yet! Don’t look over yet! Don’t look over yet! Don’t look over yet! Don’t look over yet! Don’t look over yet! Don’t look over yet!